src/components/user/avatar/Avatar.docs.mdx, before:

---
description: A user avatar component with online pin.
tags: ['avatar', 'user', 'image']
---

import { Avatar } from './Avatar';

The `Avatar` component is used to display a user's avatar image, along with an optional online status indicator. 
It is built using React and `react-intl` for internationalization support.
If no image URL image is passed, a default icon is shown.

### Component usage
```js
import { Avatar } from '@logora/debate.user.avatar';
```
```jsx
import { Avatar } from './Avatar';
import { IntlProvider } from 'react-intl';

const userAvatar = {
  avatarUrl: 'https://example.com/avatar.jpg',
  userName: 'John',
  isOnline: true,
  className: 'custom-class',
  size: 60
};

<IntlProvider>
    <Avatar {...userAvatar} />
</IntlProvider>
```

### Properties

| Prop name | Type   | Required | Default | Description                                                |
|-----------|--------|----------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| avatarUrl | string | No       | -       | The URL of the user's avatar image.                         |
| userName  | string | Yes      | -       | The name of the user associated with the avatar image.      |
| isOnline  | bool   | No       | false   | Determines whether to display an online status indicator.  |
| className | string | No       | -       | Additional CSS class names to apply to the avatar container.|
| size      | integer | No       | 40     | The size of the avatar, in pixels.                          |
| ...rest   | any    | No       | -       | Additional props to apply to the avatar image.              |

Commit message:

feat(user-avatar): add defaultAvatarUrl prop

src/components/user/avatar/Avatar.docs.mdx, after:

---
description: A user avatar component with online pin.
tags: ['avatar', 'user', 'image']
---

import { Avatar } from './Avatar';

The `Avatar` component is used to display a user's avatar image, along with an optional online status indicator. 
It is built using React and `react-intl` for internationalization support.
If no image URL image is passed, a default icon is shown.

### Component usage
```js
import { Avatar } from '@logora/debate.user.avatar';
```
```jsx
import { Avatar } from './Avatar';
import { IntlProvider } from 'react-intl';

const userAvatar = {
  avatarUrl: 'https://example.com/avatar.jpg',
  userName: 'John',
  isOnline: true,
  className: 'custom-class',
  size: 60
};

<IntlProvider>
    <Avatar {...userAvatar} />
</IntlProvider>
```

### Properties

| Prop name | Type   | Required | Default | Description                                                |
|-----------|--------|----------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| avatarUrl | string | No       | -       | The URL of the user's avatar image.                         |
| defaultAvatarUrl | string | No | - | The URL of the fallback avatar image.                            |
| userName  | string | Yes      | -       | The name of the user associated with the avatar image.      |
| isOnline  | bool   | No       | false   | Determines whether to display an online status indicator.  |
| className | string | No       | -       | Additional CSS class names to apply to the avatar container.|
| size      | integer | No       | 40     | The size of the avatar, in pixels.                          |
| ...rest   | any    | No       | -       | Additional props to apply to the avatar image.              |
