src/components/styles/theme/theme.docs.mdx, before:

---
description: SASS variable declaration for the theme.
---

## Component usage
```scss
    @use '~@logora/debate.styles.theme/_theme.scss' as theme;
```

## Description


This SASS file contains all the variables used for defining colors, fonts, borders, shadows, layout, and other styles. Below is a comprehensive list of all variables and their purposes:


### Colors

- **$for-primary**: Primary color for "for" elements (`#cc6a6d`).
- **$against-primary**: Primary color for "against" elements (`#7980bb`).
- **$third-position-color-primary**: Primary color for third position (`#9b9b9b`).
- **$call-primary**: Call to action color (`#434343`).
- **$info-primary**: Information color (`#4485C3`).
- **$success-primary**: Success color (`#4d9e33`).
- **$cancel-primary**: Cancel color (`#c73c49`).
- **$connected-green**: Connected pin color (`#80d764`).
- **$announcement-primary**: Announcement background color (`#cce5ff`).
- **$announcement-text-primary**: Announcement text color (`#004085`).
- **$background-color-container**: Container background color (`white`).
- **$background-color-primary**: Main background color (`white`).
- **$background-color-secondary**: Secondary background color (`#E8E8E8`).
- **$text-primary**: Main text color (`#222222`).
- **$text-secondary**: Secondary text color (`#767676`).
- **$text-tertiary**: Tertiary text color (`#fafafa`).
- **$text-light**: Light text color (`white`).
- **$darken-text-tertiary**: Slightly darker tertiary text (`#F1EFED`).
- **$darkest-text-tertiary**: Darkest tertiary text (`#c7c7c7`).
- **$tag-border-color**: Tag border color (defaults to `$call-primary`).
- **$tag-text-color**: Tag text color (defaults to `$call-primary`).
- **$tag-text-color-active**: Tag text color when active (`white`).

### Fonts

- **$font-family**: Main font family (`'Montserrat'`).
- **$title-font-family**: Font family for titles (defaults to `$font-family`).
- **$box-title-font-family**: Font family for box titles (defaults to `$font-family`).
- **$font-size-extra-large**: Extra large font size (`22px`).
- **$font-size-large**: Large font size (`20px`).
- **$font-size-medium**: Medium font size (`18px`).
- **$font-size-normal**: Normal font size (`16px`).
- **$font-size-small**: Small font size (`16px`).
- **$font-size-extra-small**: Extra small font size (`14px`).
- **$font-weight-normal**: Normal font weight (`400`).
- **$font-weight-bold**: Bold font weight (`700`).

### Borders

- **$box-border**: Border style for boxes (`1px solid rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).
- **$box-border-main-container**: Border for main containers (defaults to `$box-border`).
- **$box-border-radius**: Border radius for boxes (`6px`).
- **$button-border**: Border style for buttons (`1px solid rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).
- **$button-border-radius**: Border radius for buttons (`6px`).

### Shadows

- **$box-shadow**: Box shadow for boxes (`0px 2px 5px rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).
- **$button-shadow**: Box shadow for buttons (`0px 2px 5px rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).

### Layout

- **$layout-mobile-margin**: Horizontal margin for mobile layout (`0`).
- **$layout-max-width**: Maximum layout width (`1400px`).

### Modal

- **$modal-margin-top**: Top margin for modal (`0.5em`).
- **$modal-margin-bottom**: Bottom margin for modal (`0.5em`).

### Line Heights

- **$line-height-none**: No extra line height (`1em`).
- **$line-height-tight**: Tight line height (`1.08em`).
- **$line-height-normal**: Normal line height (`1.26em`).
- **$line-height-loose**: Loose line height (`1.38em`).

---

All variables can be overridden using CSS custom properties (variables) for theming and customization.

Commit message:

refactor(styles): migrate from @import to @use for SCSS files to improve modularity and maintainability fix(styles): update box-shadow references to use new $box-shadow-main-container variable for consistency across components docs(theme): add documentation for $box-shadow-main-container variable to clarify its purpose and default value

src/components/styles/theme/theme.docs.mdx, after:

---
description: SASS variable declaration for the theme.
---

## Component usage
```scss
    @use '~@logora/debate.styles.theme/_theme.scss' as theme;
```

## Description


This SASS file contains all the variables used for defining colors, fonts, borders, shadows, layout, and other styles. Below is a comprehensive list of all variables and their purposes:


### Colors

- **$for-primary**: Primary color for "for" elements (`#cc6a6d`).
- **$against-primary**: Primary color for "against" elements (`#7980bb`).
- **$third-position-color-primary**: Primary color for third position (`#9b9b9b`).
- **$call-primary**: Call to action color (`#434343`).
- **$info-primary**: Information color (`#4485C3`).
- **$success-primary**: Success color (`#4d9e33`).
- **$cancel-primary**: Cancel color (`#c73c49`).
- **$connected-green**: Connected pin color (`#80d764`).
- **$announcement-primary**: Announcement background color (`#cce5ff`).
- **$announcement-text-primary**: Announcement text color (`#004085`).
- **$background-color-container**: Container background color (`white`).
- **$background-color-primary**: Main background color (`white`).
- **$background-color-secondary**: Secondary background color (`#E8E8E8`).
- **$text-primary**: Main text color (`#222222`).
- **$text-secondary**: Secondary text color (`#767676`).
- **$text-tertiary**: Tertiary text color (`#fafafa`).
- **$text-light**: Light text color (`white`).
- **$darken-text-tertiary**: Slightly darker tertiary text (`#F1EFED`).
- **$darkest-text-tertiary**: Darkest tertiary text (`#c7c7c7`).
- **$tag-border-color**: Tag border color (defaults to `$call-primary`).
- **$tag-text-color**: Tag text color (defaults to `$call-primary`).
- **$tag-text-color-active**: Tag text color when active (`white`).

### Fonts

- **$font-family**: Main font family (`'Montserrat'`).
- **$title-font-family**: Font family for titles (defaults to `$font-family`).
- **$box-title-font-family**: Font family for box titles (defaults to `$font-family`).
- **$font-size-extra-large**: Extra large font size (`22px`).
- **$font-size-large**: Large font size (`20px`).
- **$font-size-medium**: Medium font size (`18px`).
- **$font-size-normal**: Normal font size (`16px`).
- **$font-size-small**: Small font size (`16px`).
- **$font-size-extra-small**: Extra small font size (`14px`).
- **$font-weight-normal**: Normal font weight (`400`).
- **$font-weight-bold**: Bold font weight (`700`).

### Borders

- **$box-border**: Border style for boxes (`1px solid rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).
- **$box-border-main-container**: Border for main containers (defaults to `$box-border`).
- **$box-border-radius**: Border radius for boxes (`6px`).
- **$button-border**: Border style for buttons (`1px solid rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).
- **$button-border-radius**: Border radius for buttons (`6px`).

### Shadows

- **$box-shadow**: Box shadow for boxes (`0px 2px 5px rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).
- **$box-shadow-main-container**: Box shadow for main containers (defaults to `$box-shadow`).
- **$button-shadow**: Box shadow for buttons (`0px 2px 5px rgba(7,42,68, 0.1)`).

### Layout

- **$layout-mobile-margin**: Horizontal margin for mobile layout (`0`).
- **$layout-max-width**: Maximum layout width (`1400px`).

### Modal

- **$modal-margin-top**: Top margin for modal (`0.5em`).
- **$modal-margin-bottom**: Bottom margin for modal (`0.5em`).

### Line Heights

- **$line-height-none**: No extra line height (`1em`).
- **$line-height-tight**: Tight line height (`1.08em`).
- **$line-height-normal**: Normal line height (`1.26em`).
- **$line-height-loose**: Loose line height (`1.38em`).

---

All variables can be overridden using CSS custom properties (variables) for theming and customization.
